feat: major documentation refresh (#3475)
authelia/authelia: docs/content/en/overview/authentication/push-notification/index.md

---
title: "Duo / Mobile Push"
description: "Authelia utilizes Duo Push Notifications as one of it's second factor authentication methods."
lead: "Authelia utilizes Duo Push Notifications as one of it's second factor authentication methods."
date: 2022-03-20T22:52:38+11:00
lastmod: 2022-06-03T10:43:55+10:00
draft: false
images: []
menu:
  overview:
    parent: "authentication"
weight: 250
toc: true
aliases:
  - /docs/features/2fa/push-notifications.html
---

> Mobile Pusn notifications are a really convenient and trendy method to perform 2FA. When 2FA is required Authelia sends
> a notification is sent directly to an application on your mobile phone where you can instantly choose to accept or deny.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Mobile Push notifications are a really convenient and trendy method to perform 2FA. When 2FA is required Authelia sends
a notification directly to an application on your mobile phone where you can instantly choose to accept or deny.
```
